Privacy Policy
Last Updated, January 1, 2020

App Mobile knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. We take your privacy seriously. You can learn more about our Privacy Policy below. By using our Service, including our mobile app, you are consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy (this "Policy").

Our Commitment
We do not compromise with your privacy. We design our products with your privacy in mind. We involve experts from various fields, including legal, security and others to make sure that no decision is taken without respect for your privacy.

We strive to be transparent in the way we process your data. Because we use many of the same online services you do, we know that insufficient information and overly complicated language are common issues in privacy policies. We take the exact opposite approach: we have written our Privacy Policy and related documents in plain language. We actually want you to read our policies and understand our privacy practices!

We work hard to keep your information secure. We have teams dedicated to keeping your data safe and secure. We constantly update our security practices and invest in our security efforts to enhance the safety of your information.

What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This policy covers how App Mobile treats personal information that App Mobile collects and receives, including via all related websites, networks, embeddable widgets, downloadable software, mobile applications (including tablet applications), and other services provided by us and on which a link to this Policy is displayed (collectively, our "Service"). This includes information related to your past use of App Mobile products and services, and information about you that is personally identifiable-such as your name, address, email address, IP address and phone number.

What Information Do We Collect?
Information You Provide.
When you register for or use the Service, App Mobile collects what is generally called "personally identifiable information," "personal information," or "personal data." All these terms refer to information that specifically relates to or identifies a particular individual. Personal information also includes information that when linked to other information identifies a specific individual. When you register, we ask for a limited amount of personal information, including but not limited to your phone number and payment information. When you sign into our Service, you are not anonymous to us. App Mobile also collects information about your transactions with us, including information about your use of our Service.

"Cookies" Information. 
When you use the Service, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your device. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Consult your device's web browser "Help" file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. Please note that if you delete, or choose not to accept, cookies from the Service, you may not be able to utilize the features of the Service to their fullest potential.

"Automatically Collected" Information. 
If you consent, when you use the Service, we may automatically record certain information from your device by using various types of technology, including "clear gifs" or "web beacons" or APIs. This "automatically collected" information may include your IP address or other device address or ID, web browser and/or device type, the web pages or sites that you visit just before or just after you use the Service, the pages or other content you view or otherwise interact with on the Service, and the dates and times that you visit, access, or use the Service. We also may use these technologies to collect information regarding your interaction with email messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. This information is gathered from all users.

Integrated Services. 
You may be given the option to access or register for the Service through the use of your user name and passwords for certain services provided by third parties (each, an "Integrated Service"), such as through the use of your Google, Microsoft or Dropbox credentials, or otherwise have the option to authorize an Integrated Service to provide personal information or other information to us. By authorizing us to connect with an Integrated Service, you authorize us to access and store your personal information that the Integrated Service makes available to us, including your name and email address, and to use and disclose such information in accordance with this Policy. You should check your privacy settings on each Integrated Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Integrated Service. Please review each Integrated Service’s terms and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Service.

Information from Other Sources. 
We may obtain information, including personal information, from third parties and sources other than the Service, such as our partners, advertisers, customers, and Integrated Services. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personal information that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as personal information in accordance with this Policy.

How Do We Use the Information We Collect?
We use the information we collect in a variety of ways in providing the Service and operating our business, including the following:

We use the information that we collect on the Service to operate, maintain, enhance and provide all features of the Service, to provide services and information that you request, to respond to comments and questions and otherwise to provide support to users.

We use the information that we collect to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the Service, and to develop new products, services, feature, and functionality.

We may use your email address or other information we collect (i) to contact you for administrative purposes such as customer service, to address intellectual property infringement or other claimed violations of our terms of use or (ii) to send communications, including updates on promotions and events, relating to products and services offered by us that are related to the Service. Generally, you have the ability to opt-out of receiving any promotional communications as described below under "Your Choices."

We may use "cookies" information and "automatically collected" information to: (i) personalize our services, such as remembering your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Service; (ii) provide customized advertisements, content, and information; (iii) monitor and analyze the effectiveness of Service; (iv) monitor aggregate website and mobile app usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (v) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities on the Service.

Sharing Or Disclosing Information
Information about our customers is not an important part of our business. We DO NOT sell customer information. We share or disclose customer information only as described below. Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your information that we collect on the Service to third parties without your consent. We may disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:

We work with third party service providers that provide website, application development, hosting, maintenance, data transmission, data processing, and other services for us. These third parties may have access to or process your information as part of providing those services for us. However, we limit the information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions. In addition, they agree by contract to maintain the confidentiality of such information. One such third party service is an authentication service provided by Facebook. You do not need a Facebook account, and App Mobile cannot access or post to your Facebook account when you authenticate your phone number through this service.

We may make certain automatically-collected, aggregated, or non-personally-identifiable information available to third parties for various purposes, including (i) to monitor network traffic or activity in order to detect protect you, ourselves or others from malware, fraud, unlawful uses or other illegal activity, (ii) compliance with various reporting obligations; (ii) for business or marketing purposes; or (iii) to assist such parties in understanding our users’ interests, habits, and usage patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, or functionality available through the Service.

We may disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state or federal laws (such as U.S. copyright law), in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.

We also reserve the right to disclose your information when we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability, (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect the security or integrity of the Service or any facilities or equipment used to make the Service available, or (v) protect our property or legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights, property, or safety of others.

Information about our users, including personal information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer of App Mobile, or to a successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets. In the event App Mobile is acquired by or merged with another company, the terms of this Privacy Policy shall continue to apply. App Mobile also reserves the right to display targeted advertisements based on personal information.

Your Choices and Rights
If you wish to access, change or delete personal information we hold about you, you may contact us at tranquocthang120500@mail.ru.

Third-Party Services
The Service may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties that are not affiliated with App Mobile or the Service. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of such companies. When you visit the website or use the Service, third parties may collect personal information about your online activities. These third parties may also collect personal information about your online activities across different websites or applications over time. Any information you provide on third party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the Service. We encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.

Conclusion
App Mobile may update this policy at any time. We will notify you of any material change to this policy by placing a notice in a prominent place on our web site or app. If you have further questions or suggestions regarding App Mobile's Privacy Policy, you can contact us at tranquocthang120500@mail.ru.

Notice for California Users
Under Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80, a user residing in the State of California has the right to request from us a list of all third parties to which we have disclosed personal information during the preceding year for direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose such information for direct marketing purposes, and so no such list exists. For questions about this policy, please contact us at tranquocthang120500@mail.ru. We do not obey Do Not Track signals from a user’s Internet browser. We make no representations concerning third parties that do not collect personal information directly through the Website. These disclosures are made under Cal. Bus. & Prof. Code § 22575.
